My other review was deleted but beware this disney dvd of condorman is not out of print and is way cheaper on the disney club i cannot write down the prices because that is why my review was probrably deleted because the sellers don't want people to know they can get this dvd cheaper.the anchor bay versions are out of print but not these ones.....you have been warned.i am going to write to disney to let them know about this and hopefully amazon can list the proper prices for everyone to buy.and not be ripped off in times of hardship otherwise great movie 5 stars for this.
Love this movie and have for years!
Excellent If I Bought It I Must have liked IT!
Classic!
This is a wonderful story of two boys growing into manhood in the early nineteen hundreds in Missoula Montana.  Robert Redford's narrations adds volumes to the understanding of the story.
Top science fiction entry boasts Spielberg's trademark epic sweep, and one of Dreyfuss's shining moments as the afflicted Neary. Director Truffaut is on-hand in a rare acting turn as French scientist Claude Lacombe, and Melinda Dillon excels as bewildered Mom Jillian, whose young son Barry (in a petrifying scene) has already gone up in the aliens' space ship. 
Firstly, it's totally unacceptable that it's not in 2.35.1. You see more, and so you should. 
Bob Newhart's trademark dry humor shines throughout the show's sixth and final season (although Newhart's frequent absence by mid-season, due to other filming obligations, doesn't go unnoticed).

Aside from Bob and Emily's move to a new apartment (because apparently the old one wasn't "spacious" enough!) and then magically having Howard move into a neighboring apartment (which is never actually explained - Howard just resumes his regular routine of barging in every day) the season continues much as before. 
Add this one to your library. Beautiful scenery, great story and great acting make this film a personal library keeper. 
My research indicates the American telecast's commentary by Alistaire Cooke that opened and closed most episodes is not included.  This is a real shame, as anybody who saw the original U.S. 
This is actually a funny movie, even after all this time. Nothing seems outdated in the least. 
classic!
In real life, Lee Marvin is a Marine that received a purple heart after being shot in the buttox during the battle for Saipan. Now here he is afterwards making movies where he is confronting his adversary and being the representative for the American side of the WWII GI psyche. 
If you are a Leo McKern fan and like his Rumpole of the Bailey series, you should have this set. Each episode comes complete with John Mortimer explaining what he had in mind when he wrote each story. 
This parody on "Shakespeare in Love" mixed with "Star Wars" is an excellent job of filmwork at its best.  George Lucas has writer's block at the worst possible time, he needs a script to pass film school!  
I rarely use the term, but "The Fisher King" is a "cool" movie.  It's a bit slow off the line, but once the relationship between Jeff Bridges and Robin Williams begins, it's absolutely captivating.  
Classic music and storylines -- contemporary character development. Annie is a dear and she brings out tie worst and the best in her cast mates. 
not impressed. This is like a sic-fi channel original movie. 
No problems. Fast delivery.
Great movie
Classic CD
Saw Resident Evil 2. 
Hi Folks,
this is a review of the BLU-RAY edition. This movie was a bit of a financial failure I  believe in its release but I enjoyed it for a fun/dumb action flick!


What child wouldn't like Sesame Street characters?  Eight month old loves watching it.  
OK, I'll say it.  If Harrison Ford ran for president I would vote for him.  
this movie was amazing i love it, it has made me cry and laugh so hard and it also has a life lesion in it i would highly sugest this movie.
I love programs of this type. I thought it was quite enjoyable, despite the feeling that it could have been given a more in depth treatment. 
Legendary German film director Wolfgang Petersen brings on another heart-pounding, steel-reinforced, political action-thriller.
The cold-war is over but that hardly means that some don't want to exert their muscle  over the United States. 
again I cant say enough about it is very action packed and it was a great way for back in the times
The woman in this movie was no saint. How can anybody who signs their faith over to save their own neck be a saint? 
Not many people appreciated the genius of this movie when it came out. The most self aware action/comedy ever produced. 
I love the video game series. I still remember buying Resident Evil 2 when I was a teenager and taking it home and playing it for the first time. 
'Stepmom' features the conflict between the ex (Susan Sarandon) and her replacement (Julia Roberts), augmented by the childrens' natural loyalties to their mother. Lots of tart-tongued dialogue in the beginning, with preventable and meaningless conflicts at the PTA, the home, etc. 
I thoroughly enjoy the series. Love the characters and the era it is set in. 
A classic.  Takes one back to the 60s and the time.  
I really have enjoyed the movies and am glad to have obtained it for my collection. You must own it also
Perfect! I am incredibly glad to get this.
I would have to say that this is one of the best "made-for-TV" (on TNT) biblical films I've seen. The acting was phenominal, the scenery..EVERYTHING. 
Epic film considering Marvin was wounded during his service in the Pacific as a marine. He was there and did that without treatment for PTSD
Anthony Adams (Luke Wilson) is about to be released from a voluntary mental hospital, but the perpetual plotting Dignan (Owen Wilson) is there ready for Anthony's "escape".  On their way home on a Greyhound bus, Dignan lays out their criminal plan for the next 70 years and what they need to do to obtain their goals within this time.  
This movie stands the generational test of time!

As a child, my wife watched this movie until the VHS tape literally wore out. 
Awesome
The film's scheme follows young Charley Brewster who accidentally discovers that his next-door neighbour, Jerry Dandrige, is a vampire. When no one believes him, Charlie decides to get Peter Vincent, a Vampire TV show host, to try and stop Jerry and that is when the fun really begins. 
Work great
Taxi Driver stars Robert Di Nero as Travis Bickell, an isolated, alienated Viet Nam vet living in NYC, during the mid-70s. Travis inhabits a world of violence, crime, and sleaze, as he makes his way through NY as a nighttime taxi driver. 
Very funny.
CLASSIC GREAT MOVIE!  Everyone should see it...Frank Sinatra is very convincing as a scummy guy, the singing is spectacular--I love every song!  
Can't lose with Elmo!!
LOVED it!!! I watched this on Masterpiece Theater and was hooked. 
Who, besides my wife, doesn't love this movie.  Watched it with my 3 kids, ages 9-15 after receiving and there was much rejoicing.  
Not true to the Bible, but I enjoyed this older movie anyway.  I would recommend it to everyone if you haven't ever seen it.  
This item goes with the rest of my bible collection. It is a must have and it is close to the bible, and again you do have Hollywood theatrics
Have this on Amazon and 2 DVDs love this movie
bronson at his best -- not too much to say, but a lot of presence.
This movie is a cult classic for sure, but not my cup of tea. Fortunately it was only a gift for someone else since I like watching movies that have a lot more engaging material and dialogue than this one.
My daughter is fifteen years old, but the other night, she just had an urge to watch this again. I believe, like all things Sesame Street, that Elmo in Grouchland has more and more meaning as we grow into adults. 
Fun little movie always been one of my favorites.
well done!
Love this movie watch it over and over good movie.
It's a classic.  Just a little outdated.  
I will make this brief.

First, things I liked:


Anyone who has watched "The Claim," with Milla Jovavich, and then the "Resident Evil," movies, would have to shake their head a few times and say, Is this the same actress?  Well, yes it is.  
one of the most original cast of characters
THe movie is wonderfully Acted and very meaningful. It Shows the ups and downs of everyday life. 
The movie is terrific fun and I really enjoyed it after not having seen it for several years.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was the sound quality. 
clever
If you felt the first "Resident Evil" movie didn't quite capture the atmosphere of the original game, you can sleep a little easier now. "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" has EVERYTHING: from dark, creepy graveyards, a gothic cathedral and classic lorries in an "Escape from New York"- style deserted city to a cigarette smoking Jill Valentine and half naked hooker zombies.


old favorite and still is
very important exercises are presented here. not just kegel but other such as squats. 
Please read this review before you decide if it's helpful or not. Seriously, I played the games they are fun, I saw the first film, it was pretty good, this one does not have much going for it. 
Sat and watched this through for the first time, having heard about this all my lifetime, I have to say that I enjoyed Bronson portrayal of a man's man of back in the day, didn't need anybody else, did his life on his terms. Pretty good movie.
I loved this film when it was on tv when I was in High School; seeing it on DVD was an enjoyable experience, but I found an annoying problem in continuity: Winkler's character seems to be growing up in the 1890s, which is fine, but at one point we see him at a WWI War Bond Rally, and he seems to be in his early-thirties.  
THE STORY:  Starting off with a newsreel on the children of the world preparing for a visit from Santa Claus, we meet a mailman named Special Delivery Kluger. After some introductory comments from the mailman, who delivers to the North Pole in a snowcat type vehicle, we see the credits spelled out on mail envelopes, with a stamp representing the actor listed. 
Mila Jovovich is a amazing actress I love everything she is in and Resident Evil is my number film we own 2 copies of each movie and we are waiting for the next movie.
Great classic fantasy, spiritual, scary flick. Definitely dated, but still very enjoyable. 
Great old movie for my collection.
I love this movie
It's Charles and James! Great movie!
I read the book years ago and the movie adaptation is very close.  Rule #1 
As promised
Love, love, love this series
A movie never presents a story exactly as you envisioned it, but nevertheless, every movie version you see gives you new insights into the story.  This is a very Biblically accurate version of the Joseph story, not changing the Biblical story but rather developing it.  
I loved this movie when I was younger. It's still magical, but for whatever reason, it isn't the five star film I remembered.  
Joseph is the ideal role model for EVERY Christian/Jew. He is an example of what we should strive for. 
good movie but it keeps stopping towards the end don't no why
It was a gift.  I can't personally say good or bad about it.  
Even better than we remembered it. They don't make them like this anymore, actors OR movies.
A little silly by today's standards.
I missed it when it was in theaters, and this was my first time watching it.  I'd read about the production in Julia Philips's book, You'll Never Eat Lunch in this Town Again", and had to see it.


Being a huge fan of this classic, I own dozens of versions and this one  adds a nice variety.  The twists and changes to this timeless story truly  do justice to the original and the performances, for the most part, are  stellar.  
I love this movie. great acting and very well done. 
Thi move while the story is ridiculous is good entertainment, Demi Moore stunning. I don't like being told howm many words I should use in my review so now I bet I have hit the minimum.
I have been enjoying this series very much.  The video quality of these shows on DVD is pretty good.  
This movie is so great and timeless. It almost beat titanic at the box office opening weekend no joke.

a great movie for the man cave, you will not be disappointed, and I would  highly recommend it to anyone.
Unlike The Patriot which was purely made for propaganda purposes, The Crossing, follows a much more pragmatic, realistic, and in effect a more truthful account of events during the American War of Independence (1775-1783).  
One of the all-time best movies ever made, this lyrical and nostalgic film made by multi-talented Robert Redford lives on a long time after the final credits have rolled. It's a screenplay written from a very short coming-of-age-in-Montana memoir by Norman MacLean. 
Nearly a quarter century since it was unleashed, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND ranks as one of the supreme cinematic achievements of the modern era.  Steven Spielberg wrote and directed this tremendous science fiction film with his own distinctive middle-class view on things.

Short and Sweet, DeNiro, Scorsese, Foster, Kietel, Sheppard and others are brought together to mak the best character study ever, it is slow but intriguing and superbly directed, it captures the characteristics of madness and sleaze and you can relate to Travis Bickle (DeNiro) in every way, even though he is a raging lunatic who his quite contempt to blowing a few pimp's heads off. It is superbly performed and pulled of and that is why it deserves its five stars and recognition.
Excellent
River Runs Through It is a pretty film that pays tribute to the joys of fly fishing and the beauty of Montanna. 
Fright Night is one of the better vampire films from the 80's.  The special effects are gruesome and scary yet the movie is also sexy and fun too.  
Amazing movie; I think that Nick Nolte is at his best in this movie.  Wish there could be a sequel.
My grandson loved it, but as an adult, it did not keep my interest.  However, I watched it because it was important to him.
One of my favorites, and was happy to see it on Amazon.  Lots of meaning of the effect of loss, the interconnectedness among all of us, and even the usefulness of insanity.  
Filmed as The Streetfighter but changed to Hard Times in the US to avoid confusion with Sonny Chiba's movie (though still called The Streetfighter in the UK to avoid any raised eyebrows at Bronson trying his hand at Dickens), this is a terrific little movie that never quite got the attention it deserved in the mid-70s. In many ways it's almost a kind of Depression-era Midnight Cowboy with bare-knuckle brawling replacing the sex-for-sale, as James Coburn's ducking and diving street fight promoter teams up with Bronson's drifter and sees his chance at the big time. 
I watched this with my 5 year old and he liked it but I think this is really geared toward a slightly younger audience. It was ok just nothing I was too excited about.
This is so not the type of movie that I like, yet, when I watched by chance the first Resident Evil I was in complete awe of how thrilling it was. I have never played the video game, actually: 
A good bike movie!!
Rumpole is a British Barrister married to "She who must be obeyed" and in court delivers stage whispers to the overbearing judges.  When told by Judge Bullingham: "Mr. Rumpole, I have heard your arguments, and am none the wiser", Rumpole responds under his breath: "Yes, but better informed".  
great story
Good movie with the little kids watching.
"Joseph" is an epic motion picture; another excellent and inspiring Bible story which was creatively and sensitively produced. It traces the story of Joseph in Genesis and brings it to life in a powerful and compelling way.


As a touring motorcycle rider back in the 70's I can relate to much of the general atmosphere expressed in this movie.  The music alone is worth it.
My nearly 3 year old is Elmo obsessed and this was a nice break from Sesame Street episodes but kept the familiar faces and characters. I enjoyed the creation of Grouchland that it could be this amazing place that wasn't necessarily made up or imagination. 
Many reviewers ridicule the method used to try and smuggle the drugs in this movie, but back in the early 1970's (when the film was based) these kind of methods actually took place.  Yes, people are stupid for doing these things ... but it's hard not to have compassion for them when they are served lifetime sentences.

I ordered this for my husband because he had watched it previously and enjoyed it.  I asked him how it would rate it and what I indicated is what he decided.
This is a coming of age story set in the 1980's punk scene.  I loved the punks in it and I won't engage in the "Stevo is a poseur or not" battle, because that's not what the movie is about (and 
Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C
Aspect ratio: 2.40:1
MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / High Profile 4.1
Running time: 2:38:00
Movie size: 44,19 GB

This movie we watch over and over again.... it has everything.... scarey, funny, sexy - you name it.  
Great..super fast delivery!
This was a typical movie that would come out in the mid 90s of a terrorist taking over a commercial aircraft, the hero saves the day kind of thing.  What was awesome about this movie is the fact terrorists took over Air Force 
The Bottom Line:

A free-wheeling comedy by Allen, made before Annie Hall ushered in his more serious phase, Take the Money and Run offers a lot of laughs in a short period of time; its humor is not always sophisticated, but it should crack you up quite a bit.
Woody Allen's uneven crime mockumentary marked his directorial debut. Despite its rough-edged quality, "Take the Money and Run" (1969) maintains a steady flow of visual and verbal humor. 
I did not watch this movie..we saw the trailors and it was ordered through a glitch in our computer when trying to order or pre order a 4TH season of Downton Abby. Sorry, but we won't be watching it either.
Done with season four.  Only one more season to go...wahhhh!  
The film  "Close Encounters" is one of the best Spielberg ever directed,some would argue THE best and I would be hard pressed to counter that assertion.
This is indeed a wonderful movie ,a film that works on multiple levels and on a grand scale that focuses on the people that have encountered UFOs up close and personal. 
Brilliant.  Watch it over and over if only to be reminded of the three essentials of life. 
This item is what I ordered and I am a very satisfied customer
Saw this a long time ago and it struck me as a 70's liberal film. (it's always easier to be outraged when the oppressor is a one dimensional third world ogre).


Martin Doblmeier was the person to film and make this documentary about an obscure religion. I enjoyed the film. 
"The Deep End of the Ocean" is one of the best movies of 1999, complex and moving, with truly emotional characters played by actors who carry the weight of the story on their shoulders with incredible ease and make it heartwarming and believable. The movie is actually two different stories, one being a family's emotional coming-to-terms with a missing child, and then the pain and stress they must endure when he shows up nine years later.

I must not have read the description well enough when I purchased it. I was expecting a new dvd in a simple new dvd case. 
:)  :)  :)
This was a gift.  Person said it was terrific, just what he wanted.  
Grandson loved it, we watched it several times through the month of January. Will enjoy it again, I am sure.
I was so happy to find this movie on Amazon, because it is hard to find (even though it's the best muppet christmas movie ever!)  Would recommend giving it a try if you haven't seen it, it's the perfect christmas movie for the whole family!
I love these old Christmas puppet movies! I will definitely have my kids watching these!
This movie was my favorite as a kid and now, as an adult. I was watching again today and realized that the Burgermeister is really my sister. 
I have used this movie several times (VCR version) in prison ministry.  The women respond well to the visuals of the Biblical story of Joseph.  
Love this movie, and it's still worth a watch.
An epic movie: lush, evocative, beautiful, full, and kind.
If you are a concrete thinker and do not "get" films made from video games or comic books, nor their intent, then are comments like "avoid this trash" necessary? Sure, nonsense is probably accurate but this movie is excellent for fans of the genre and of course Milla.
Best film I have seen in a long time. The interwoven stories of all the cast makes you wish it would never end.
We really enjoyed this movie. Had heard a lot about it and were not disappointed. 
Another beautiful movie starring Robin Williams. Jeff Bridges plays a popular late night radio DJ/talk show host named Jack. 
Wonderful Bronson gem,often over looked.
Broson,Coburn,Strother......great cast.

Still one of the best movies of it's time
Excellent!
4k OK great movie
Love it when actors get into the a time period and really play the part good ...charles does that
Classic
It was fun to watch, reminds me of my childhood everytime I watch arthur
Enjoyed this picture very much. Streisand and Nolte were wonderful together! 
This is an...alright adaptation. There are much worse. 
Great movie!
good version
I'm really tired of popcorn movies that have no soul. Stepmom is a breath of fresh air. 
Upstairs, Downstairs is a really great show! After more than thirty years it holds up extremely well. 
This is a very very very very good movie, action lovers would love it!!! Harrison Ford does a great job in the acting. 
Laserdisc collectors already have the definitive version of this movie courtesy of the Criterion Disc.  Most but not all of those bonus goodies are included here.  
This is an excellent remake of the Dickins' A Christmas Carol.  It should be placed along side your existing Christmas collection!
really, this is what Mod Squad aimed for!
rebellious/punk police cadets Jack (Nicholas Tse), Match (Stephen Fung), and Alien (Sam Lee) are recruited by somewhat retarded cop Eric Tsang to go undercover as gangstaz. 
bought it for my best friend and if you have seen the movie and have an idea about the main character and you have friends like this id recommend this movie, funny, little gore nothing big, but still very funny movie and it works great
Resident Evil (2002). Rated "R". 
Love this classic movie!  The casting here is perfect!  
all time classic  nice bikes  early Jack one-liners  gotta have it in your collection very typical stereo-typed movie about wilder times
All time favorite movie!!!! Based on the Biblical account of Joseph & how his brothers sold him into slavery and how God turned the situation all around!!  
I love this show i can't say that enough! I have watched it over and over and still laugh. 
I now see why many people adore "Upstairs Downstairs," and also why it has its place among classic television. The whole show is actually a time capsule during the time of pre-WWI UK and after (up to the US stock market crash in 1929.) 
Indeed .. this brilliant, classic series of the 70's remains absolutely unbeatable in every sense of the word. Even the most recent 3 episode series could not measure up to the original script and characters. 
I first saw this film when I was eleven. My father taped it, and when I was thirteen, I watched the tape again and again. 
good
Got it for Father's Day , it's loaded with extras, it's a classic and he loves it. No further explanation for this classic movie that is a part of the pop culture collective conscious. 
She is an orphine in the 20s, that is a double whammy. The richest man in town adoptes her.
People didn't like this movie for some reason. It's funny, smart, and action-packed. 
Fisher King is a wonderful about a man who has to learn to give to others before himself.  One of my favorite performances from Robin Williams and Jeff Bridges.
A classic. If you have a dry sense of humor and a brain (you have to be able to keep up!!!) you'll love this. 
Not something I want to watch again soon.  Love the scene with the psycho cab passenger and the one where de Niro takes that stuck up bh to a porn movie.  
This version I liked. Went behind the scenes. 
First of all - WHAT A GREAT MOVIE.  I saw it in the theater when it first came out, and was utterly floored.  
INTO THIN AIR, based on Jon Krakauer's best seller, is not an easy film to watch.  The brutal reality of such an endeavor is brought home in the hopelessness and grief that the crew endures and in the lost lives of five of its members.  
Overrated,boring and long,It stars Two Pseudo-Commie And Poseur Actors:Fonda and Nicholson(Hopper is good though).
The movie does not represent True Bikers. 
This series is very good.
Our granddaughter saw a school play and loved the music, so we purchased this for a Christmas present for her.  She watched Christmas day and her parent report she has watched three or four more times with her friends or just by herself.
I would really rate this as 3.5 stars but not 4, so I'm forced to give it a 3.
First off, the movie overall is excellent. 
The Deep End of the Ocean is a weepy drama but thanks to Michelle Pfeiffer's brilliant and realistic performance, I didn't mind it at all. I have never seen Pfeiffer give an average performance and I am including Grease 2, lol. 
Bronson and Colbert work well together giving the flavor of the "HardbTimes" which live on today.
Fun Film,80's teen genre/vamp movie. Quirky and silly and not too scary, I noticed Amanda 
I ran this for my movie club. They loved it and found it extremely funny - both those who had seen it long ago and those seeing it for the first time.


Okay I'm a major film addict but somehow it took me 34 years to get around to seeing this film. Just in case there are still a few stragglers who still have not seen it, here is a list of spoiler-free reasons to rent or buy and watch it now:

A RUSH OF NON-STOP ACTION-Lou Lumenick,The New York Post

FANS OF THE GAME WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE-Shawn Edwards,FOX TV


Never connected with the comic strip and the same thing with the movie, watched it from start to finish got rather tired of "Tomorrow"
I bought this movie for my son-n-law for Christmas as that is what he wanted.  He enjoyed it.  
See this sequal

it will blow you away like it did me


Roy Neary (Richard Dreyfuss) is sent out on an emergency repair job late one night. While traveling alone on an isolated road he encounters the unexpected, an unidentified flying object is spotted overhead. 
Its Harrison Ford, as President, telling the bad guys "get off my plane". Love this awesome movie.  
This has to be one of the funniest movies ever made. When I first seen it was a Woody Allen movie, I didn't have high expectations. 
Our family watches this over & over.
Well, having been a fan of this film for a long time and through different DVD and now Blu-ray copies i must say that the movie does look better yes, BUT this is a "CUT" version and that is my main complaint.  The Blu-ray edition finds the mistaken beginning of "DENTIST ON THE JOB" REMOVED!  
Richard Dreyfuss and Teri Garr portray the average Midwestern family living in rural Indiana. 
Great product just as described
This film was, I'm sorry, [really bad]. I just can't see a point to it. 
I have been a Mel Brooks fan for years.  I received the Blu-Ray edition of this Collection as a Chanuka Gift & I can Honestly say that this is one of THE best gifts I have EVER received.  
One of my favorites. Worth watching over again.
My daughter watched this everyday of her life when she was 5-6...Still loves it at 31. 
Great series
Great musical up lifting
You know the scene: the Pythons riding through the countryside on their faithful invisible steeds, clip-clopping of hooves provided by a lackey clapping coconut shell halves together, in their search for the Holy Grail. They encounter all manner of obstacles and strange characters, from oppressed peasants who object to King Arthur's very existence, to three-headed knights who block their path, to a wizened gatekeeper for whom they must answer three questions, to a killer bunny.


Ford at his best
Good
Excellent script and music, both of which received Oscars. All-star. 
Taxi Driver is a classic film, and in this presentacion comes not only with the movie in blu ray (that have an incredible image and sound) it also came in a perfect packaging and with lots of very good extras.
Can't help it.  One is either  a Monty Python fan or not.  
They made her seem a bit scattered.
If we could decide wich movie deserves a special edition, there will be trouble. For example, i think "alien vs predator" sucks bigtime, but deserves it`s special editions cause of both series fans and the tons of extra materials that they can provide, comming often from special effects. 
Definitely one of my favorite vampire movies. I love this movie. 
too stagy.  maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  
I've actually agreed with a lot of what Leonard Maltin has said in his reviews, but I'm not sure how he came to the conclusion he did on Taxi Driver. And just who exactly are "we"?

"Taxi Driver," Paul Schraeder's brilliant character study of a certain type of alienated white male that emerged in the post Vietnam 70's, remains as distrubing today as it did 25 years ago.
"Taxi Driver" established Schraeder as a major screenwriting talent, Robert De Niro as a star and Martin Scorsese as the pre-eminent filmmaker of his generation.

Saw this movie on HBO and it was very cool. I like it when Jack Slater says to the bad guy at the end,"No sequel for you".
I was utterly rivetted by this film when I saw it in '77.  It had no shoot'em up alien stuff, but instead is an extremely subtle exploration of first open contact with alien explorers.  
As usual, I do not write my reviews to get agreement since 95% or more of the population does NOT know what is good from bad, pearl to a swine.

You know how you watch old movies and now, even when you watch them again, you still tend to rate them high due to memories of watching them when you were younger and feeling the obligation to remain faithful to how you felt?


My headline is a quote from Frank Sinatra who said "what a great sandwich" when he was told that Rita had to have top billing so he would be second and Kim Novak third...Terrific movie.  Frank's performance of "Lady is a Tramp" has to be the absolute best I have ever heard him do.  
This is a great 2-disk set of one of my favorite Spielberg films.  Actually, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND is one of my all-time favorite films.

As a child of the 60s I suppose it's something I have to watch. And it delivers, although the ending is not worthy of the movie.
Total disappointment and really sucked.  I expected better from Owen Wilson.
An awesome action packed on the edge of your seat horror movie with hot chicks.
Great Movie especially on Blu Ray
One ok Charles Bronson's b
est
I absolutely love learning the Bible and what God has done, is doing and will do in my life.  Movies like this one help me understand the different books of the Bible and when I read each book in the Old Testament or the New Testament and see the movies that pertain to those books, I have a clearer understanding of what I am reading.  
the only problems is that I can't share with my family because the digital recording does not have Spanish audio nor subtitles so this fact is forcing me to bay the actual disk instead. this is very bad
Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has announced the upcoming release of Close Encounters of the Third Kind: 30th Anniversary Ultimate Edition for 11/13/07.
This package will be released on DVD and Blu-ray formats containing three seamless branched versions of the film, from the first ever home video release of the original theatrical cut, and the re-edited 1980 special edition, to Spielberg's definitive director's cut as featured on the 1998 collector's edition.


I'll be honest, I'm not a really zombie/mutant monster film fan. This is one of three that I like. 
Classic Python! Hard to imagine it has been 30 YEARS!
I enjoyed this dvd more that my daughter did.  She was 1 when we first watched it.  
This is the original Annie, one of the best movies made, my granddaughter watches it over and over again. Sweet story.
Entertaining action film.
THE STORY: Starting off with a newsreel on the children of the world preparing for a visit from Santa Claus, we meet a mailman named Special Delivery Kluger. After some introductory comments from the mailman, who delivers to the North Pole in a snowcat type vehicle, we see the credits spelled out on mail envelopes, with a stamp representing the actor listed. 
Let me start off by saying I'm not a major fan of American action flicks or comic book movies. Although, I love Hong Kong action, sci-fi horror and zombie flicks. 
Worked great.
Wow - this movie has aged badly, very, very, very badly.  SS is not that great a director at all...yuck.
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie; I've learned that you can't always go by others opinion. Many don't like this movie however I enjoyed it. 
I fondly imagined that this would be a gentle stretch to soothing music, so was rather challenged by quite a tough workout. One thing, do have a proper mat. 
Great Bronson movie
Just plain fun for Milla Jovovich fans
Taxi Driver is one of the most darkly engrossing and disturbing films ever made. Robert DeNiro becomes Travis Bickle, a psychotic Vietnam veteran who is thoroughly disgusted with the urban decadence and decay all around him. 
Great dance Sean
This is a beautiful movie.  The cinematography, which features rural Montana, is beautiful; and the way in which the plot is portrayed is also beautiful.  
My family taped it off ABC when I was two and a half years old, and we watch it EVERY Christmas (multiple times) and EVERY July (if I get my way!).  I love the whole movie:  Robin meeting the Fraggles (Pass it on!  
